Documentation: Add ServerContext, ServerConfiguration and GettingStartedWithDPFServer sections (#637)
pyansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/user_guide/server_context.rst

.. _user_guide_server_context:

==============
Server context
==============

What is server context
----------------------

The :class:`ServerContext <ansys.dpf.core.server_context>` class drives the
default capabilities a server will be started with. 

> The server context is composed of two main information: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server context is composed of the following information: 
```

> - context_type, :class:`LicensingContextType <ansys.dpf.core.server_context>`

Reviewer 2: @cbellot000 the link is to the module in which the class is, isn't it?

> class object, that defines if a License check out is required or not.

Reviewer 2: apparently when used as a noun its one word.
```suggestion
class object, that defines if a License checkout is required or not.
```

- the xml_path that sets DPF default operators capabilities. For more
information, see :class:`AvailableServerContexts <ansys.dpf.core.server_context>`
and :ref:`user_guide_xmlfiles`.

Two main licensing context type capabilities are available: 
- Entry (default) that will load the minimum capabilities without requiring 

> any license check out.

Reviewer 2: Same here (see for example https://grammarist.com/spelling/checkout-check-out/)
```suggestion
any license checkout.
```

> - Entry (default) that will load the minimum capabilities without requiring 
> any license check out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Entry (default):  Loads the minimum capabilities without requiring 
any license check out.
```

- Premium that will enable the entry capabilities and the capabilities that

> requires a license check out. More operators will be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
requires a license checkout. More operators will be available.
```

> - Premium that will enable the entry capabilities and the capabilities that
> requires a license check out. More operators will be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Premium: Enables the entry capabilities and the capabilities that
requires a license checkout. More operators are available.
```

The operators list for each licensing context type is available at
:ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference`.

Getting started with Entry capabilities
---------------------------------------

> Entry operators list is available at :ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The list of operators available when Entry is given at :ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference`.
```

> Find the list of operators available when the context is Entry at :ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference`.

Reviewer 3: to coordinate with @PProfizi

Author: It should be fine, I did not change the reference name

This won't check out any license.

.. code-block::
	   
    from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
    entry_server = dpf.start_local_server()
    entry_server.context

Getting started with Premium capabilities
-----------------------------------------

> Entry operators list is available at :ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A list of operators available when Premium is given at :ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference`.
```

This will check out a license.

.. code-block::
	   
    from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
    premium_server_context = dpf.AvailableServerContexts.premium
    premium_server = dpf.start_local_server(
        context=premium_server_context
    )
    print(premium_server.context)

.. rst-class:: sphx-glr-script-out

 .. code-block:: none
 
    Server Context of type LicensingContextType.premium with no xml path
	   

> Changing server context from entry to Premium

Reviewer 2: Should we capitalize the first letter? Anyway we should do the same for both.
```suggestion
Changing server context from Entry to Premium
```

---------------------------------------------

> Once an entry server is started, it can be upgraded to premium:

Reviewer 2: Do we capitalize the first letter?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once an Entry server is started, it can be upgraded to Premium:
```

.. code-block::

    from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
    # start a server with entry capabilities
    server = dpf.start_local_server()
    print(server.context)
	
.. rst-class:: sphx-glr-script-out

 .. code-block:: none
 
    Server Context of type LicensingContextType.entry with no xml path

.. code-block::
 
    # apply a premium context on the server
    server.apply_context(dpf.AvailableServerContexts.premium)
    print(server.context)

.. rst-class:: sphx-glr-script-out

 .. code-block:: none
 
    Server Context of type LicensingContextType.premium with no xml path

> Changing default server context

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changing the default server context
```

-------------------------------

> Entry is the default server context. This can be changed either using ANSYS_DPF_SERVER_CONTEXT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Entry is the default server context. This can be changed either using the ANSYS_DPF_SERVER_CONTEXT
```

environment variable (see `<ansys.dpf.core.server_context>`) or writing:

.. code-block::

    from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
    dpf.set_default_server_context(dpf.AvailableServerContexts.premium)
    print(dpf.server_context.SERVER_CONTEXT)
	
.. rst-class:: sphx-glr-script-out

 .. code-block:: none
 
    Server Context of type LicensingContextType.premium with no xml path

Release History
---------------

The Entry server context is available starting with server version 6.0 
(Ansys 2023 R2). 

With a server version lower than 6.0, Premium will be the default server 
context and all the Premium operators at :ref:`ref_dpf_operators_reference` 

> will be available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will be available (depending on their release date).
```
